Provide Additional Clarity About Runtime Vulnerability Fixes (#786)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md

## Backport Policy for Bug and Security Fixes

> When Astronomer identifies a significant Astro Runtime bug, a fix is backported to all Long Term Support (LTS) versions and the latest stable version. Astronomer recommends that you upgrade Astro Runtime if you are not using the latest, stable version. The timely implementation of bug fixes is recommended to avoid task scheduling delays and data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Astronomer identifies a significant bug in Astro Runtime, a fix is backported to all Long Term Support (LTS) versions and the latest stable version. To avoid the impact of previously identified bugs, Astronomer recommends that you upgrade Astro Runtime if you are not using the latest stable version.
```

- Inconsistent of `latest, stable` vs. `latest stable`
- I'd like to avoid saying "upgrade to Astro Runtime to avoid scheduling delays and data loss" because the reality is that latest stable versions have historically had breaking changes. I think stating that impact is a bit too "severe" for what we're talking about and I'd rather keep it as a blanket statement of "to get the latest bug fixes and avoid impact of living with those bugs"

@kwcanuck Let me know what you think - we can chat quick too

> When Astronomer identifies a significant Astro Runtime security vulnerability, a fix is backported and made available as a patch version for all stable and LTS versions in maintenance. A significant security issue is defined as an issue with significant impact and exploitability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Astronomer identifies a significant security vulnerability in Astro Runtime, a fix is backported and made available as a patch version for all stable and LTS versions in maintenance. A significant security issue is defined as an issue with significant impact and exploitability.
```

Suggesting this because it's not so much that the security vulnerability is a property of Astro Runtime -- it's specific to an external tool but found packaged WITHIN Runtime

Occasionally, Astronomer might deviate from the defined response policy and backport a bug or security fix to releases other than the latest stable and LTS versions. To request a fix for a specific bug, contact your customer success manager.

### The Quay Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures Report

> Astronomer is aware of the Quay Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) report and monitors it frequently to determine if the vulnerabilities identified in the report pose a risk to organizations using Astro Runtime images. Astronomer works with vendors to correct vulnerabilities and regularly adds fixes to stable and LTS releases. If there is a high-level vulnerability in the CVE report that is causing concern for your organization, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io/).

Reviewer: I don't feel super strongly, but does this need to be its own section? Would it be cleaner to have a "note" below the above section that is "optional" to read?

Reviewer: Discussed and agreed on having it be its own section

> Astronomer is aware of the Quay Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) report and monitors it frequently to determine if the vulnerabilities identified in the report pose a risk to organizations using Astro Runtime images. Astronomer works with vendors to correct vulnerabilities and regularly adds fixes to stable and LTS releases. If there is a high-level vulnerability in the CVE report that is causing concern for your organization, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io/).

Reviewer: Should also be consistent in contacting support vs. CS on bug fixes and vulnerabilities -- can discuss

> Astronomer is aware of the Quay Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) report and monitors it frequently to identify high-level threats. Many of the medium and low-level vulnerabilities identified in the report pose no risk to Astronomer customers. Some high-level vulnerabilities identified in the report must be corrected by vendors. Astronomer adds the fixes provided by vendors to stable and LTS releases as soon as they are available. All vulnerabilities that are the responsibility of Astronomer are addressed quickly and fixes are released regularly. If there is a high-level vulnerability in the CVE report that is causing concern for your organization, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io/).

Reviewer 2: This is a tricky part to speak to...all dependencies are Astronomer's responsibility, even if that means we rely on others for the fix. I would tend to approach this more broadly to speak to how we work with maintainers of underlying dependencies and release updates with fixes as soon as they're reasonably available.

I would also address the fact that exploitability ratings are generic and we assess the risk in context of Astro Runtime images running in Astro, which can often reduce the risk.

Author: @astrorfox ca you provide some alternate text, or edit the existing statement? Alternatively, can you direct me to source material that might help with the creation of this text?

Author: Thanks for the quick feedback @astrorfox! Much appreciated. I have added the new text to the topic and will await feedback from @paolaperaza or @jwitz.
